All right circle of numbers was one I really liked doing it.
I don't know.
So think about it was I enjoyed the it was one of the ones with images which wasn't overly convoluted
but still provided quite a bit of a challenge.
So our objective here is we're going to take in a couple of numbers.
A certain amount of total numbers just what end is here and it's the total number.
And what we want.
And then we're going to take in what's called our first number.
This is the number we want to find out what is the number on the other side.
So for instance when it's true it's going to be seven when it's three it's going to be eight once four
it's going to be nine once five is going to be zero.
So six in one.
So you get the idea here.
So that is the idea you have a circle of numbers and we want to find out which one is on the other side
given and being the total amount of numbers and first number being the number we want to see from the
other side.
The only hint I have for methods I use was push.
This one is pretty much a logic oriented algorithm as they all are.
But you don't need to know any any fancy Array methods or anything like that.
All right so the way that I saw this was I created a pneumo Ray.
The array is going to be our circle of numbers so let's go ahead and start there which is and create
an empty
empty and empty array equal to their next.
We just want to populate that array.
I equals zero.
Well I's less than an and mean the number right.
Plus plus.
So in our example here where we have 10 it's going to go 0 1 2 3 all the way up to 9.
And that's what we want here.
So in our number they want to go in and pushing essentially create that dataset that we need to solve
this problem.
Now from here we have to understand that how we're going to know that there's a halfway point.
And what that basically means is that we need to either add half of N or we need to subtract half of
and to get the number on the other side.
So if the number is 10 and it's 5 or greater We need to get that last value move.
Get those those last previous 5 over.
But if it's six we need those other five or four rather we need go before.
Oh I think I did a very good very poor job of explaining it.
But basically depending on where we are in the circle we either need to move forward or we need to move
back and that's what we're going to first go ahead and create another constant here which I called half
way.
And this is going to be equal to and divided by two.
So that's our halfway point.
Now from here all we have to do is we have a if statement as if first number meaning the number that
we are checking against is less then our halfway point the value that we want to have returned will
be our array of first number plus the halfway point because now we're going to jump forward because
it's less than the halfway point.
Else we don't need it else here because we're using returns.
It's in the future.
Else just go ahead.
Else it's greater than the halfway point of which we're going to take that first number and we're going
go ahead m minus the halfway point and get our return that way.
That's pretty much it.
One way that could see us simplifying this is how would we sum fly this.
We could actually eliminate this statement and just use it.
Turnberry here.
I think I'd be ok.
It might be a little convoluted.
So we'll leave it like that but that's just really a preference thing.
But I found this to be a fun one and one that took me a second to wrap my mind around how I was going
to actually get the result that was needed.